# Writeup 2 - OSINT

Name: Krishan Panduwawala
Section: 0201

I pledge on my honor that I have not given or received any unauthorized assistance on this assignment or examniation.

Digital acknowledgement: Krishan Panduwawala

## Assignment Writeup

### Part 1 (45 pts)


1. v0idcache’s real name is Elizabeth Moffet. I found this by just googling the username and stumbling upon her twitter.

2. She is the Banking CEO at the website http://1337bank.money/. I found this in her Twitter bio.

3. Elizabeth has a Twitter which I found by googling v0idcache. She has some connection with the fl1nch which was found through a pastebin associated with v0idcache from a Google search.

4. I found 142.93.136.81 by going to https://securitytrails.com/dns-trails and looking up the URL of the website.
The location of the server is in the Netherlands in Amsterdam which I found through putting the website’s IP address in Censys.io. The same website also shows that 162.255.119.56 is in the historical data associated with her website. Also the website has a routing IP: 142.93.128.0/20 also found on Censys.io.

5. By using http://1337bank.money/robots.txt I found a secret directory: http://1337bank.money/secret_directory. This led me to the flag: CMSC389R-{h1ding_fil3s_in_r0bots_L0L}
I found CMSC389R-{brut3_f0rce_m4ster} by using the python script in part 2. This was in the website's system shell's home directory.


6. I found what ports were open by using the nmap command on the website. This initially only returned ports 80 and 22 which were open. The service behind port 80 is http and behind port 22 is ssh. Therefore I had to expand the range to find more open ports which led me to port 1337 which was open and the right port I needed to access for part 2. The service behind port 1337 is "waste."

7. The website is running on the OS Ubuntu. I found this by putting the website's IP 142.93.136.81 on the website censys.io . 

8. BONUS: Did you find any other flags on your OSINT mission? (Up to 9 pts!)
I found CMSC389R-{h1dd3n_1n_plain_5ight} which was found through the HTML code on her website in a comment.
I also found CMSC389R-{h0w_2_iNt0_DNS_r3c0Rd5} which was found through the DNS records generated by https://centralops.net/co/DomainDossier.aspx . When Googling v0idcache, I found a pastebin with a conversation between v0idcache and fl1nch. In this they mention that the file they needed was AB4300.txt . I found this file in the system shell of the website from part 2. I used the "find" command which led me the the directory /home/files where the file AB4300.txt was. Inside the file was the flag:
CMSC389R-{YWX4H3d3Bz6dx9lG320dv0JZh}




### Part 2 (75 pts)

I updated the python script to read passwords from rockyou.txt and try them on the port 1337 on the website with the username v0idcache. Every time a password is entered and it is incorrect, the server sends back “Fail\n.” So I checked when the returned data was not “Fail\n” -which meant it succeeded- and then stored the password. I stored the result in a global variable which then stops a while loop that keeps calling the brute_force function with different passwords. After, the correct password is printed out to the console which let me know that the password was “linkinpark.” Then I used the command “nc 1337bank.money 1337” and entered the username “v0idcache” and the password “linkinpark.” This printed “Success” and I was in the file system. I switched to the /home directory where I found the flag CMSC389R-{brut3_f0rce_m4ster} in a file called flag.txt. I initially did it with a single thread but never found it in time because it was very slow. Since I did not know how long it would take, I added multple threads to increase the speed dramatically. 
